Edits to Contribution Workflow in contributing guide (#450)
plenoptic-org/plenoptic: docs/developers/contributing.md

#### Creating a development environment

> You'll need a local installation of `plenoptic` which keeps up-to-date with any changes you make. To do so, you will need to fork and clone `plenoptic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need a local copy of `plenoptic` which keeps up-to-date with any changes you make. To do so, you will need to fork and clone `plenoptic`.
```

1. Go to the [plenoptic repo](https://github.com/plenoptic-org/plenoptic/) and click on the `Fork` button at the top right of the page. This creates a copy of plenoptic in your Github account.
2. You should then clone *your fork* to your local machine and create an editable installation. You will also add the upstream version, which makes it easy to keep your `plenoptic` up to date with the canonical version. To do so, run the lines of code below, also outlined in our [docs](source):

```bash
# replace with your personal GitHub username
git clone https://github.com/github-username/plenoptic.git
cd plenoptic

> # add the upstream branch. you will now have your fork (origin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# add the upstream branch. you will now have two remotes: your fork (origin)
```

# and the canonical version (upstream)
git remote add upstream https://github.com/plenoptic-org/plenoptic.git
```

> 3. You will then want to install all of the optional dependencies, so that you can run tests, build the documentation, and run the jupyter notebooks locally. To do so, make a virtual environment and run the installation from within the copy of `plenoptic` on your machine (see [docs](jupyter-doc) for information on how to set up jupyter if you don't want an extra copy of it in this environment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You will then want to install all the `docs` and `dev` optional dependencies, so that you can run tests and build the documentation. To do so, make a virtual environment and run the installation from within the copy of `plenoptic` on your machine.
```

they don't actually need to run the jupyter notebooks explicitly, they're run as part of the docs build

```bash
# create virtual environment
python -m venv .venv
# activate environment
.venv/Scripts/activate
# install all dependencies. see jupyter notes if you also want to install [nb]
pip install -e ".[docs,dev]"

> # add pre-commit which will run tests prior to each commit

Reviewer: I think pre-commit should be a separate point, with a one-sentence description of it, and a link to the later section explaining it in more detail.

also, pre-commit doesn't run tests, but linting and formatting (in particular, this is much faster than tests). not sure if that's too much detail though, since most people won't know what linting and formatting means -- what do you think?

Reviewer: also, since we say "if you have installed pre-commit" below, should mark that this is optional but strongly recommended

Author: Is this fine or do you want something that more explicitly says (Optional) at the beginning?

4. Finally, we strongly recommend you install pre-commit, which will run [linting and formatting](code-style-and-linting) each time you make a [commit](committing-to-your-branch). This will help you deal with any errors locally prior to pushing your code.

Reviewer: This is good, though I'd replace "any errors" with "common errors" (it won't catch errors from the tests)

git checkout -b my_cool_branch
```

Anytime you want to sync with upstream changes, just run `git pull upstream main`. If you aren't comfortable with `git` commands, I recommend the [Software Carpentry git lesson](https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/).

Then, create new changes on this branch and, when you're ready, you can begin running tests locally and committing to your branch.

#### Committing to your branch

After making changes to the code on your branch, you should commit your changes. These should be done regularly so it is easy to see changes that were made and is simple to revert back to previous versions if issues arise. To make a commit, navigate to the plenoptic directory and run the following:

```bash
# stage the changes
git add src/plenoptic/the_file_you_changed.py
# commit your changes
git commit -m "A helpful message explaining my changes"
# if the pre-commit checks pass, you can then push to the origin remote
git push origin my_cool_branch
```

You can run `git status` at any time to keep track of what files have been changed and which are staged for committing. You can also run `git switch my_other_branch` to move between branches.

> If you have installed pre-commit, you will see a number of tests running after you commit, see [Code Style and Linting](code-style-and-linting) for details on these tests. Often, these errors will include formatting specifications from [ruff](using-ruff). Until these are fixed, the commit will not go through, so you must fix the errors, re-stage, and re-commit (or see [ignoring ruff linting](ignoring-ruff-linting) if needed).

Reviewer: same point about "tests" as above.

and add an anchor to `--no-verify` for pre-commit and link there

Author: For the tests point, does this work? "If you have installed pre-commit, you will see a number of linting and formatting checks running when you try to commit, see [](code-style-and-linting) for more details."

I'm a bit confused what you mean by adding an anchor for pre-commit here?

Reviewer: yep, that works. by "add an anchor", I mean add `(pre-commit)=` above the header dealing with pre commit, so you can link right to it.

#### Documenting your code

Depending on the type of change you are making, you will likely need to add or edit documentation related to the changes. Please see [Documentation](documentation) section for specifics on formatting and testing. If you would like to build the documentation locally before committing/pushing, you can run `make -C docs html` from the root directory. This may fail on Windows, so you can also run `make html` from the docs directory. The outputs will be put into `/docs/_build/html/` and you can run `firefox docs/_build/html/index.html` to open up the landing page (you may need to run `start firefox` or add to your path first). This process will run [sphinx](doctests) which only runs blocks contained in the plot directive. It will typically not display figures if the formatting is incorrect. However, sphinx does not check whether the code output is accurate, this is done with pytest.

> You should also run [pytest](doctests) locally before submitting a pull request: `pytest -n 0 --doctest-continue-on-failure --doctest-modules src/ -W "ignore"`. You can also replace `src/` with the path to a subdirectory or specific file to avoid running tests on everything. This will check whether the outputs of any code match what you have documented it should be. It can be very particular about format and syntax - see [Documentation](documentation) section.

Reviewer: This section is mixing together several different points, and is more specific than it needs to be. maybe something like

```suggestion
Depending on the type of change you are making, you will likely need to add or edit documentation related to the changes. There are four classes of documentation in plenoptic:
- Markdown files that live in `docs/`, plain text which might show some example code. These are used for explanations like this one!
- [MyST notebooks](https://myst-nb.readthedocs.io/): specially-formatted markdown files that live in `docs`/, these get converted into jupyter notebooks and executed while building the documentation. These are used to provide longer examples of how to use plenoptic, mixed with code.
- [](docstrings): the "help" information that is written alongside code. If you add a new function or object, you will need to write an accompanying docstring.
- [](doctests): A section of the docstring, examples which show how to use plenoptic functions or objects. We are in the process of adding examples to every function in plenoptic -- see [issue 237](https://github.com/plenoptic-org/plenoptic/issues/237) for progress and how to help! Any new functions or objects need to have examples included.

Please see [Documentation](documentation) section for specifics on formatting and testing, with notes on the above types, and [](build-the-documentation) for how to build the documentation locally.
```

Then I think the other info that you had in this section should be moved below to the relevant sections.

I'm assuming it would be useful to add some guidance here on when the different classes of documentation need to be added, but I'm struggling to come up with a wording. What do you think of: 

> If you are adding a new function or object to plenoptic, you must include a docstring with accompanying doctests. Adding a new file to the `docs/` folder is less common and determined on a case-by-case basis, and we can discuss whether it's necessary during the course of a contribution.

Reviewer: For the bit you say about `make html` vs. `make -C docs html`: we should change the instructions in this file to tell people to run `make html` from within the `docs/` directory (that works on Linux/Mac as well).

For the part about `firefox`: those instructions are just my preferred way of "open this file in your browser", which can also be done by hitting `Ctrl+O` in your browser or double-clicking on that file in your file browser. So the instructions should make that clear (and also that there's nothing special about `firefox`, the same thing would work with any browser on your command line)

       :reset: reset

       >>> import plenoptic as po
       >>> einstein = po.data.einstein()

    And now we display the image:

    .. plot::
       :context: close-figs

       >>> po.plot.imshow(einstein)
    ```

    Note that the second block cannot have `:context: reset` or you will be unable to use the objects from the first block!

    This only affects sphinx. pytest ignores the plot directive and so either structure will pass.

> - Alternatively, pytest only checks whether the actual execution outputs of Python code match the expected results written in your documentation. Therefore, while the following will succeed in sphinx,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- pytest only checks whether the actual execution outputs of Python code match the expected results written in your documentation. Therefore, while the following will succeed in sphinx,
```

github repo and published at http://docs.plenoptic.org/.
:::

#### Sphinx

> However, it can be built locally as well. You would do this if you've made changes locally to the documentation (or the docstrings) that you would like to examine before pushing. All necessary requirements are included in the `[docs]` optional dependency bundle, which you can install with `pip install plenoptic[docs]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to being viewed on the web, plenoptic's documentation can be built locally. You should do this if you've made changes locally to the documentation (or the docstrings) that you would like to examine before pushing. All necessary requirements are included in the `[docs]` optional dependency bundle, which you can install with `pip install plenoptic[docs]`.
```

> Then, to build the documentation, run: `make html` from within the `docs/` directory. The outputs will be put into `/docs/_build/html/` and you can then open built pages in your browser. For example, you can open the landing page (`docs/_build/html/index.html`) by opening it in your files or through the command line using your choice of browser (i.e. `firefox docs/_build/html/index.html`). It will typically not display figures if the formatting is incorrect. However, sphinx does not check whether the code output is accurate, this is done with pytest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to build the documentation, run: `make html` from within the `docs/` directory. The outputs will be put into `/docs/_build/html/` and you can then open built pages in your browser. For example, you can open the landing page (`docs/_build/html/index.html`) by opening it in your files or through the command line using your choice of browser (e.g., `firefox docs/_build/html/index.html`). It will typically not display figures if the formatting is incorrect. However, sphinx does not check whether the code output is accurate, this is done with [pytest](pytest-doctests).
```

Additionally, our docstrings have a variety of Examples blocks that are run by sphinx in order to render plots in the documentation, which can take a while to run. You can temporarily disable these by prepending `SKIP_MPL=1` to the `make` command. This will cause `docutils` to raise an error every time it encounters a [`plot` directive](https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/sphinxext_plot_directive_api.html), and so the build will appear to fail. However, the output will be rendered correctly (with the exception of those `plot` blocks), and so this can be useful for rapidly viewing changes locally when editing other parts of the documentation. In order to ensure the documentation build completes without any warnings or errors, you should build the docs normally before pushing.

> #### Pytest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(pytest-doctests)=
#### Testing doctests with Pytest
```

Reviewer: and move this header to the be the last one under doctests

Author: Do you mean to put it at the same level as "Build the documentation" rather than with sphinx?

Reviewer: I mean nest it under the doctests header, so same header level as it is now, just moving it before the "Build the documentation" header
